code/Test                   app/code/core/Mage/Test
UnitTests.php               UnitTests.php
Mage_Test.xml               app/etc/modules/Mage_Test.xml
local.xml.phpunit.template  app/etc/local.xml.phpunit.template

lib/Mage/PHPUnit            lib/Mage/PHPUnit
lib/Mage/Utils              lib/Mage/Utils
lib/Spyc                    lib/Spyc

code/Admin/Test             app/code/core/Mage/Admin/Test
code/AdminNotification/Test app/code/core/Mage/AdminNotification/Test
code/Adminhtml/Test         app/code/core/Mage/Adminhtml/Test
code/Api/Test               app/code/core/Mage/Api/Test
code/Api2/Test              app/code/core/Mage/Api2/Test
code/Authorizenet/Test      app/code/core/Mage/Authorizenet/Test
code/Backup/Test            app/code/core/Mage/Backup/Test
code/Bundle/Test            app/code/core/Mage/Bundle/Test
code/Captcha/Test           app/code/core/Mage/Captcha/Test
code/Catalog/Test           app/code/core/Mage/Catalog/Test
code/CatalogIndex/Test      app/code/core/Mage/CatalogIndex/Test
code/CatalogInventory/Test  app/code/core/Mage/CatalogInventory/Test
code/CatalogRule/Test       app/code/core/Mage/CatalogRule/Test
code/CatalogSearch/Test     app/code/core/Mage/CatalogSearch/Test
code/Centinel/Test          app/code/core/Mage/Centinel/Test
code/Checkout/Test          app/code/core/Mage/Checkout/Test
code/Cms/Test               app/code/core/Mage/Cms/Test
code/Contacts/Test          app/code/core/Mage/Contacts/Test
code/Core/Test              app/code/core/Mage/Core/Test
code/Cron/Test              app/code/core/Mage/Cron/Test
code/Dataflow/Test          app/code/core/Mage/Dataflow/Test
code/Directory/Test         app/code/core/Mage/Directory/Test
code/Downloadable/Test      app/code/core/Mage/Downloadable/Test
code/Eav/Test               app/code/core/Mage/Eav/Test
code/GiftMessage/Test       app/code/core/Mage/GiftMessage/Test
code/GoogleAnalytics/Test   app/code/core/Mage/GoogleAnalytics/Test
code/ImportExport/Test      app/code/core/Mage/ImportExport/Test
code/Index/Test             app/code/core/Mage/Index/Test
code/Install/Test           app/code/core/Mage/Install/Test
code/Media/Test             app/code/core/Mage/Media/Test
code/Newsletter/Test        app/code/core/Mage/Newsletter/Test
code/Page/Test              app/code/core/Mage/Page/Test
code/PageCache/Test         app/code/core/Mage/PageCache/Test
code/Payment/Test           app/code/core/Mage/Payment/Test
code/Paypal/Test            app/code/core/Mage/Paypal/Test
code/ProductAlert/Test      app/code/core/Mage/ProductAlert/Test
code/Rating/Test            app/code/core/Mage/Rating/Test
code/Reports/Test           app/code/core/Mage/Reports/Test
code/Review/Test            app/code/core/Mage/Review/Test
code/Rss/Test               app/code/core/Mage/Rss/Test
code/Rule/Test              app/code/core/Mage/Rule/Test
code/Sales/Test             app/code/core/Mage/Sales/Test
code/SalesRule/Test         app/code/core/Mage/SalesRule/Test
code/Shipping/Test          app/code/core/Mage/Shipping/Test
code/Sitemap/Test           app/code/core/Mage/Sitemap/Test
code/Tag/Test               app/code/core/Mage/Tag/Test
code/Tax/Test               app/code/core/Mage/Tax/Test
code/Usa/Test               app/code/core/Mage/Usa/Test
code/Weee/Test              app/code/core/Mage/Weee/Test
code/Widget/Test            app/code/core/Mage/Widget/Test
code/Wishlist/Test          app/code/core/Mage/Wishlist/Test
code/XmlConnect/Test        app/code/core/Mage/XmlConnect/Test
